The data set contains stock data of the following companies:
  1-Apple
  2-Amzon
  3-Facebook
  
The stock data obtained from yahoo contains the following parameters:

Date
Open
High
Low
Close
Adj Close
Volume
I took the daily closing values of each of the stock as the stock value for a day.
Other parameters calculated for input dataset: Basic assumption in stock market is that stock momentum, increase or decrease will depend on how given stock was doing in past. Also, the stock price for given company will also depend on how market is doing and how given sector is doing. Keeping these three things in mind I calculated 5 attributes as listed below.

Index_Momentum
Index_Volatility
Sector_Momentum
Stock_Momentum
Stock_Price_Volatility
Output

Momentum: If price of stock or index in higher than yesterday then momentum for given day is +1 as there is an increase in price else it’s -1.

Volatility: Represents how big or small change in stock /index closing values. Try to capture fluctuation in market. For given day Volatility is calculated using difference between yesterday's closing value - today’s closing value divide by yesterday’s closing value.

Index_Momentum: Calculated based on market performance for last 5 days. It’s an average of 5 days index momentum. Index_Volatility: Calculated as average of last 5 days Volatility for index.

Sector_Momentum: Calculated based on sector performance for last 5 days. It’s an average of 5 days index value for all technology company shares.

Stock_Momentum: Calculated as average for last 5 days momentum for given company momentum

Stock_Price_Volatility: Calculated as average of last 5 days for given stock.

For all attributes I kept 5 days as to capture market behavior. In future I will try change this for 10, 15 days and see if there is any improvement in accuracy. Once I calculated this attributes for each company I consolidated all dataset and created final input dataset.

Output: If closing stock price for a stock today day is more than yesterday’s closing stock price for the same stock, then the corresponding output is denoted by 1 else it is denoted as 0.

Hence. one record of our input data set had the following 6 dimensions:

Stock Price
Index_Momentum
Index_Volatility
Sector_Momentum
Stock_Momentum
Stock_Price_Volatility
Output
